[ci-visibility] Update `jest` instructions for `jest@28` (#13854)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/javascript.md

if (process.env.DD_ENV === 'ci') {
  require('dd-trace/ci/jest/env')
}
// jest-environment-jsdom is an option too
module.exports = require('jest-environment-node')
```

### Jest@28

> If you are using `jest@28` and `jest-environment-node` you need to update the way the environment is required to follow [`jest` documentation][1]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are using `jest@28` and `jest-environment-node`, update your environment following the [`jest` documentation][1]:
```

```javascript

if (process.env.DD_ENV === 'ci') {
  require('dd-trace/ci/jest/env')
}

module.exports = require('jest-environment-node').default
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `jest-environment-jsdom` is not included in `jest@28`, you need to install it separately.
```

<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: <code>jest-environment-node</code>, <code>jest-environment-jsdom</code>, <code>jest-jasmine2</code>, and <code>jest-circus</code> (as of Jest 27) are installed together with <code>jest</code>, so they do not normally appear in your <code>package.json</code>. If you've extracted any of these libraries in your <code>package.json</code>, make sure the installed versions are the same as the one of <code>jest</code>.</div>

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: <code>jest-environment-jsdom</code> is no longer included in <code>jest@28</code>, so it must be installed separately.</div>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
